Add missing parts of documentation (#172)
kyma-incubator/hack-showcase: docs/slack-connector/installation.md

### Prerequisites

- Slack App with desired privileges installed to the destination workspace. See the tutorial provided by Slack on how to setup an application [here](https://api.slack.com/bot-users#getting-started).

    After creating the app:
    - The Slack Application's {SIGNING_SECRET} is used for validating requests coming from Slack by verifying its unique signature. Find it in the [Application's](https://api.slack.com/apps) **Settings** in the **Basic Information** section. [Learn more](https://api.slack.com/docs/verifying-requests-from-slack).

>     - The Slack Application's {SLACK_TOKEN} is used for requests authorization. Find it in the [Application's](https://api.slack.com/apps) **Features** in the **OAuth & Permissions** section. Depending on the usecase it will be *OAuth Access Token* or *Bot User OAuth Access Token*. [Learn more](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The Slack Application's {SLACK_TOKEN} is used for requests authorization. Find it in the [Application's](https://api.slack.com/apps) **Features** in the **OAuth & Permissions** section. Depending on the usecase it will be **OAuth Access Token** or **Bot User OAuth Access Token**. [Learn more](https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth).
```

- Access to Kyma Console

### Steps
1. Add addons configuration to Kyma. Run:

    ``` shell
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: addons.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
    kind: ClusterAddonsConfiguration
    metadata:
      name: addons-slack-github-connectors
      finalizers:
      - addons.kyma-project.io
    spec:
      repositories:
        - url: github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase//addons/index.yaml
    EOF
    ```
    
2. Go to the Namespace in which to install the Connector.

> 3. Find the Add-On in the Service Catalog and click it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find the addon in the Service Catalog and click it.
```
